title: You should return to the Moon
subtitle: It has been a long, long time
author: One of the Gentlemen
header-img: /assets/img/post-bg-07.jpg
template: long_post
long_post:
  - 
    type: content_set
    content: |
      We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win.
      
      Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.
      
      A Chinese tale tells of some men sent to harm a young girl who, upon seeing her beauty, become her protectors rather than her violators. That's how I felt seeing the Earth for the first time. I could not help but love and cherish her.
  - 
    type: section_heading
    subheading: A challenge
  - 
    type: content_set
    content: |
      Buy why, some say, the moon? Why choose this as our goal? And they may as well ask why climb the highest mountain?
      
      Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.
  - 
    type: post_image
    filename: /assets/img/post-sample-image.jpg
    alternate: just a basic sample image
    caption: 'for sale, space shuttle - big money needed to fund our new Moon project'
  - 
    type: section_heading
    subheading: Last launch
  - 
    type: content_set
    content: "Never in all their history have men been able truly to conceive of the world as one: a single sphere, a globe, having the qualities of a globe, a round earth in which all the directions eventually meet, in which there is no center because every point, or none, is center — an equal earth which all men occupy as equals. The airman's earth, if free men make it, will be truly round: a globe in practice, not in theory."
  - 
    type: video
    video: https://youtu.be/l4yEIe6lSkg
  - 
    type: quote
    quote: 'Now, just look into the pockets of DT - Bill G.'
fieldset: long_post
id: c19fc81f-7d0a-43d6-9139-873bc3003439
